OKTA-681139 Re-organize IdP account linking content (#4571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/main/index.md

## About the connection to the IdP for your application

> Okta manages the connection to the IdP for your application. The connection sits between your application and the IdP that authenticates your users. The industry-standard term for this is Inbound Federation. When a user signs in, you can link the user's Identity Provider account to an existing Okta user profile or choose to create an user profile using Just-In-Time (JIT) provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta manages the connection to the IdP for your application. The connection sits between your application and the IdP that authenticates your users. The industry-standard term for this is Inbound Federation. When a user signs in, you can link the user's Identity Provider account to an existing Okta user profile or choose to create a user profile using Just-In-Time (JIT) provisioning.
```

<StackSnippet snippet="afterappidpinokta" />

### Account link

You can automatically link external IdP accounts to Okta accounts when the user signs in using the external IdP. If **Account Link Policy** is set to automatic (`AUTO`), Okta searches the Universal Directory for a user's profile to link. The user profile is found when the **IdP username** value (email) passed by the IdP matches the **Match against** value (username). See [Account Linking and JIT Provisioning](/docs/concepts/identity-providers/#account-linking-and-just-in-time-provisioning).

> To remove an existing account link or validate account linking on every sign in, Okta recommends that you make a `DELETE` call to the `/api/v1/idps/${idpId}/users/${userId}` [endpoint](/docs/reference/api/idps/#unlink-user-from-idp) to remove the link between the Okta user and the IdP user before authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove an existing account link or validate account linking with every sign-in flow, Okta recommends that you make a `DELETE` call to the `/api/v1/idps/${idpId}/users/${userId}` [endpoint](/docs/reference/api/idps/#unlink-user-from-idp) to remove the link between the Okta user and the IdP user before authentication.
```

If **Account Link Policy** is disabled, no account linking occurs. You can manually create an account link without a transaction by making a `POST` call to the `/api/v1/idps/${idps}/users/${userId}` [endpoint](/docs/reference/api/idps/#link-a-user-to-a-social-provider-without-a-transaction).

See [Add an Identity Provider](/docs/reference/api/idps/#add-identity-provider) for API examples of account-linking JSON payloads.

> For security best practices, consider disabling account linking after all existing users from the external IdP signed in to your Okta org. At this point, all links were created. After you disable linking and JIT provisioning is enabled, Okta adds new users that are created in the external IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security best practices, consider disabling account linking after all existing users from the external IdP have signed in to your Okta org. At this point, all links have been created. After you disable linking, and JIT provisioning is enabled, Okta adds new users that are created in the external IdP.
```
